h1. Ding Theming

Drupal Documentation
* http://drupal.org/theme-guide/6

h2. Dynamo & Subthemes

mothership ->  Dynamo -> "Local"

*Mothership*
mothership is a "clean up starter theme" that removes a lot of bloathed html code from the drupal output
more info about the project http://drupal.org/project/mothership

*Dynamo* 
The dynamo theme is the basetheme for the DING project.
This is where the magic happens.

*"Local"*
For quick "skinning"  

*Documentation*
* subtheme documentation http://drupal.org/node/225125
* mothership: http://drupal.org/project/mothership


h3. Dynamo Template files (.tpl.php)

h4. main templates
* page.tpl.php
overall design file

*"$content templates"*
* panels-threecol-33-34-33-stacked.tpl.php
 frontpage $content 
* panels-threecol-left-stacked-right.tpl.php
* panels-threecol-left-stacked.tpl.php
* panels-twocol-left-stacked.tpl.php

* ding_event_similar_events.tpl.php
* ding_panels_content_libary_location.tpl.php
* ding_panels_content_libary_title.tpl.php


h4. content templates
node/"blog" 
* node.tpl.php
* views-view-fields--article-list--block-4.tpl.php
* views-view-fields--article-list.tpl.php

calendar
* node-event.tpl.php
* views-view-fields--event-list--block.tpl.php
* views-view-fields--event-list--page.tpl.php
* views-view-list--event-list--block.tpl.php

Library
* node-library.tpl.php

* views-view-fields--library-list--page.tpl.php
	listing of the librarys
* location.tpl.php
	defnes the location element for a libary

search
* ting_record.tpl.php
* ting_result.tpl.php

h4. Blocks & "block like" tpls
* block.tpl.php
controller for all the blocks 

* block-account.tpl.php

* block-seach.tpl.php
variants of the block.tpl that removes unnecessary markup around the content

* node-campaign.tpl.php
campaigns template

h4. comments
* comment-folded.tpl.php
	used if comments are folded
* comment-wrapper.tpl.php
a placeholder file around all the comments
* comment.tpl.php
template file for the comment

h3. Dynamo style sheets
* reset.css
resets / drupal based overwrites

* grid.css
basic layout

* typography.css
fonts & sizes

* biblo.css
library, blogs and events

* search.css
search results

* jcarousel.css
styles for the carousels 

* style.css


h3. dynamo javascript
* script.js
controller script

* script/jquery.jcarousel.js
* script/jquery.jcarousel.pack.js
	creates the carousels	
	
* script/jquery.overlabel.js
	creates the overlabel effects for login & search

h3. dynamo images

* dynamo/images/*
All images are located inside the images folder

* favicon.ico
faverite icon

h3. Dynamo theme control files
* dynamo.info

* template.php
function overwrites


h2. "Local" theme
* [local].info
* [local].css
* theme-settings.php


h2. how to create a new local theme
yadi yadi ...


h2. css naming

h3. main layout


h3. panels regions name

panel-top
	panel-top-left
	panel-top-middle
	panel-top-right

panel-left
panel-middle
panel-right

panel-bottom
	panel-bottom-left
	panel-bottom-middle
	panel-bottom-right

